hi everyone we've got another indie box
here this is the first one I received by
mail and I got to tell you the it was a
little bit late they did send us an
email and say that hey look there's
something really awesome in here that it
took a little bit longer to get to us so
therefore your deliveries are gonna be a
little bit late so I do like that that
they were a little bit upfront with that
and it kinda makes me anticipate what's
in here cuz this one I do not know
what's in the box so let's figure out
what it is let's see 10 was not the best
idea I hope I don't have to jump cut
damn it
there we go much better risk of rain ah
there we go
steam keys all right come on there you
go alright whoever gets that please tell
us what you thought about the game happy
Valentine's Day okay so yeah this is
actually a February box alright oh it
says love from the indie box crew can
you see that focus there you go alright
wow this is a bigger box than the other
one so hopefully it comes with some
really cool stuff let's see
all right let's take a look
oh yeah it does have a lot of stuff in
there
first thing socks yeah these are socks I
don't even know what this game risk of
rain is about but I kind of like that
about indie box that there are nice
little indie games I know that they're
gonna be good games cuz like I said in
the last video they have a criteria that
they have to meet so what are these
though they seem to have a face on them
though let me see if I can get that for
you see okay this is very puzzling
because I don't know anything about the
game but some of the best things in life
are little puzzles what's this it's a
that's a little mob monster log cool Wow
okay so it's like a little journal and
ah it has little things on the bond
which I guess are the monsters that
maybe you collect I don't know that is
pretty cool see what else they have here
instruction manual okay
oh it has bosses and stuff okay I'm
starting to learn well actually no I
don't know anything about this damn game
house can't say that I'm learning a
little bit about it little by little
okay let's see what else we're just
fighting about this a sticker risk of
rain ND box sticker
risk of rain the official soundtrack
alright yeah knock the camera didn't I
don't know
captain's brooch pin oh that's actually
pretty well detailed that is really good
let me see if I can get this for you
guys focus focus little camera please
there you go Wow and again it is metal
Wow
they actually make some high quality
stuff with this that is really
impressive United Earth
Starfleet ues contact light yeah that's
pretty cool and lastly we have the game
there we go and of course the steam key
was already revealed or at least I think
that was the steam key for this game I
like how these cards work I just love
that so simple whoever thought I give
them a pat on the head please
all right what is this game about
apparently you're some sort of a space
explorer guy or something risk of brain
is an action platformer adventure game
ah okay so it is like exploration and
platforming adventure I don't know let
me play this for a little while oh then
that way I could let you guys know what
I think about it either way though
really cool little ad box and I
definitely look forward to my socks I'll
tell you that right now either way let's
check out the game game alright so I
tried it out and it turns out to
roguelike action game so it has some RPG
elements in there you level up with
experience there's items and different
weapons that you use if there's also
like some survival aspect to it because
you're trying to survive on this planet
that has you know these creatures in
things are trying to attack you this is
an amazing game that I just didn't
expect to be this good it's an indie
title and in case you couldn't tell from
when I unboxed it I had never heard of
this game before I've been playing for a
while now because it is very very very
very good it's also crazy hard even on
the easiest difficulty but I still love
it I'm hooked on it and really it's the
first roguelike game that I've ever
really played I have tried a few other
ones but I can't name them off the top
my head and usually I've only played
them for you know an evening or so I
can't really say what this one does
differently but it is really hooked me
in unfortunately though I did discover
the has a big issue with it the
controller support is completely broken
it must be a bug because in the menus
that lets you select a controller but it
doesn't read any controller that you put
in there I was using a ps3 controller
but when I was trying to find a solution
to this problem I saw the even people
with Xbox 360 controllers who are having
that issue maybe it's just with the
Windows version of this I didn't try out
the Linux version but even if that is
the issue it's still a big problem
because this game is very difficult with
the keyboard I was able to get around
the problem by using the program joy to
key and once I got the controller
working it became a lot less tedious and
a lot more playable another thing I guys
say is that the soundtrack is amazing
for all the indie box games I have right
now they all have a soundtrack with them
on a CD and risk of rain is the only one
that I've removed from the wrapping the
other ones don't have bad music they're
all pretty good but with those ones I
listen to the soundtrack while I'm
playing the game and I never really have
the urge to listen to it afterwards but
with risk of rain oh my god guys this is
like Megaman good music and I know I
didn't include any audio on this but
seriously guys go out there and find
that music and I didn't even know that
they include some really cool stuff on
that USB drive that the game is
installed on they actually have an
entire hour of the composer just going
track by track giving all the details
about how he made that music and another
thing I didn't realize is that this game
actually started out as a Kickstarter
project they asked for 7,000 and they
raised 30,000 but one of the amazing
things is that none of the war tears
give you an actual physical copy of the
game now for my indie box subscription
the price averages to about like 16
bucks a month and now think about all
that stuff I am
from there the socks the brooch can the
little journal imagine all that plus a
physical copy of the game and soundtrack
imagine how much you would have to
pledge to get all those rewards judging
by other Kickstarter projects that would
have to be at least like 30 bucks so for
me being someone who enjoys physically
owning something any box turned out to
be a great deal that boggles my mind
just think about that for a minute
the people who pledged to the
Kickstarter they didn't get a physical
copy of the game but I do have a
physical copy I own it it's mine I could
sell it or give it away to a friend or
something and it would just be like if
they got the game on cartridge or
something those boys at any box they're
doing the Lord's work we want the
physical copy of the game in the
instruction manual there's also a letter
from the developer which is really nice
he says hey there hope you enjoy the
contents we put a lot of neat stuff in
there that I think a lot of fans will
enjoy socks absolute genius most
importantly thank you for being a fan we
never imagined that we would be in a
position to have a fan base let alone a
physical release of our game thank you
for sticking through the development
process growing pains and all I
sincerely hope I can rise to meet
everyone's expectations you've made this
guy's life thanks see it's a Kickstarter
Cinderella story and I do wish him the
best of luck with his game as you guys
know I am NOT a shill for indie box I'm
not getting anything from them well let
me tell you if they keep this up they're
gonna have one happy guy renewing his
subscription I couldn't care less if you
guys check out any box but please check
out this game even if it's just to
sample the soundtrack and to the two
people who got the steam codes back me
up or tell me I'm full of shit tell me
what you thought about the soundtrack
seriously I think the people who got
those steam codes are gonna be very very
happy and that's gonna do it for me
today thanks for watching guys I'll see
you next time